good afternoon this is trey with build
Idaho calm and an effort to bring you
the best information about buying and
building new homes we're going to give
you a community tour of the sub most
decorated subdivision in Meridian Idaho
this here is the entrance to Saguaro
Canyon big beautiful architecture right
at the front
we can assume that if they spend this
much money on the interest the surest
the sediment some rest of the
subdivision must be just as nice this is
the side beautiful roses some more
desert landscaping and beautiful rocks
in the background all right this is the
entrance to the pool name of
subdivisions got a more beautiful
entrance than Saguaro Canyon here's one
of two playgrounds this one's got three
slides kids like slides if you got kids
bring them here this is just an example
of some of the landscaping that they
have in this subdivision name a
subdivision that's got more landscaping
I'll show you a whole bunch more here's
one of the main streets named a wider
street nice park bench how many
subdivisions have a bench along the
sidewalk here's an example of some of
the unique landscaping this subdivision
has
besides the desert landscaping there's
also lots of trees once again wide
streets why do they need me street of
any subdivision I'm familiar with
you